The Joe Rogan experience.
It's like your body and your brain gets fixated on particular activities.
And those particular activities occupy your mind so much.
And then it becomes a detriment to your life. And it's with video games,
it's with sex, it's with porn, it's with gambling, it's with drugs.
And that they used to think that there are different things.
There's the thing there's that.
And obviously drugs have like physical consequences, like heroin and, you know,
an alcoholic, alcohol is one of the worst to get off of.
Cause when you get off of alcoholic, people who are like legitimate alcoholics,
they can die. If they go cold Amy Winehouse, that's how she died. No,
bulemia I don't know. No one talks about it, but let's Google that.
Look it up because her documentary,
she was puking our brains out at the end and that can cause cardiac
arrest like that. And so I think, I mean, it could have been a mixture of both,
but I do think her bulemia had a huge.
Her. So often she's on my like regular playlist.
She's in so much pain. You can hear it in her voice.
It was such a beautiful voice. It's an interesting voice.
Even when she's thinking about going to rehab, you know, when I was killed by,
bulemia not drugs as her brother drink and drugs took their toll,
but eating disorder, fatally, weakened, Amy, how does him serious?
What is the, um, what is the, uh,
the coroner's result though? Did they say,
but the thing is a brother. Yeah.
I just think that that gets swept under the table.
So much eating disorders when really that is, and you know,
COVID is killing a lot of people with eating disorders,
to people that on the other side of that food addicts who can't stop eating and
obesity makes you so much more susceptible to
COVID. I mean, I, yeah, I,
I think I only know that because I've dabbled in all of those things before and,
um, it's terrible. Yeah. I'm a definite addict and I got to watch it, but this,
the sex addict thing, I mean, I just think that that's one,
that's unchecked for so many people and so acceptable and,
um, porn addiction. I mean, I, I can't get off without watching porn.
You can't get off at all. Not even close.
I wouldn't even try if my internet was down,
we had a power outage the other day at my house and it was just like, okay,
well that's, I would be screwed without I couldn't do it. I mean,
I would figure out a way I think I would manage. But if my,
if my toys aren't working and aren't plugged in and if I don't have corn,
I'm just not getting off. I've never been someone who can do it manually. And,
and with my imagination,
it's really a problem because the porn I watch is like not good.
Joe.
Joe, Joe, Joe, Nick, um, dude, it's bad.
I mean.
Well, no. Oh, that's tame. Are you kidding me?
Yeah. I mean.
I got a threat on, um,
like a DM from just some troll a while back that was like,
if I put out a hit on the dark web for you to be gang raped and asked to pay the
guys a hundred thousand dollars to do it, I can, I can make that happen.
And you know, someone would accept that. And I was like, jokes on you.
That that's my fantasy. I don't really mean that.
Please do not do that. But I was also like, no, that's I, I'm not joking.
Like that tends to be the stuff that I watch is like really aggressive gang
bangs. And like women tied up. I,
I pay for my porn cause I feel so bad what's happening to the women in it.
I hope that they are being compensated for it.
So I pay like 30 bucks a month for kink.com.
I'm watching really up stuff. Um,
and I've always been, been into like being tied up and like, uh,
I'm someone who doesn't feel like I deserve pleasure without like having pain.
Like I don't ever celebrate anything.
I can only celebrate or like relax if I put in so much work that I'm just like
debt. So I can, it's really hard for me to like enjoy myself in life.
I always have to have it. I have to punish myself first.
And so orgasms are not something that like, I feel,
I feel it's hard for me to give myself one and let myself have that much.
It's like, it's too much. It's like Christmas. And you're like,
you have to wait a year for Christmas.
You can't give yourself Christmas every day. So I feel,
I like to be tied up and like forced to have Christmas. And like I Christ.
That's what I, that's what I tend to like is like, you have to do this.
And because I'm so I don't like losing control either.
And the orgasm is like the most you can lose control. I just feel like I don't,
I don't like being that out of control and I don't know what's going to happen.
I'm scared. I'm just gonna like everywhere or something.
Like I'm totally scared of everywhere
is no one else scared of that when they come.
I don't think I've never saying something that you regret or like,
just do it. I don't know. Having a Kramer moment when I'm just kidding. No,
just I'm terrified of what might happen.
That's why I only have sex with people that I like trust so much so that if I on
them, they wouldn't, I know that that guy wouldn't hate me. And like,
wouldn't tell people.
That's why you're willing to let them tie you up. You trust them so much.
Because if they tied me up and I, okay. That's my biggest fear.
Yeah. It wasn't my fault. You tied me up. No choice. Or,
um, yeah. So if, if you're forced, then you have.
You have, yeah. You.
Then it's not your fault what you did or what you said. Do you.
Ever watch regular porn or is it always.
Like never? It's always, I started kinked. I go to kink.com. I go to anal.
I go to. I go to gang bangs.
My problem is I do not like the women to be abused. I don't,
but you can't find bangs where the woman's being treated nicely.
You can't find one where they're just like, good job. You're taking on so much.
Like I've talked about this in my special,
but I thought after talking about it in my special and saying,
can I please get a respectful bang porn with listen and heed my request
and make Ben when they're just like, they're proud of her for her, you know,
tenacity and her strength during this really arduous
journey, personal journey. And they're never nice to her.
They're always calling her a dumb. They're making her wink like a pig.
They have a boot on her head. They spit in her face. And I honestly, Joe,
I'm not kidding you.
I watch porn with half the screen covered up because I don't like what they do
to her head, but I like what they're doing to the rest of her.
Cause I D I just it's too. They're so mean, you know, choking her,
like doing a fish hook. I don't like any of that, but I like,
I like the idea of gang bangs. I like the idea of a girl being like,
kind of used and taken advantage of. Um, and I,
I do feel guilty about all of this because I'm a feminist,
obviously I love women and I want us to feel empowered.
And I'm so sad for these women, but that's what gets me off.
Like what a conundrum. Yeah. I don't want to be,
but that's all that's gets me off is watching women
like that. Now, having that done to me, why do you like,
so I say.
Oh my gosh, this might be the most fun podcast ever.
God. So thank you. I don't know what I'm even saying, but yeah, dude,
I'm more kind of cry watching. Like it just,
it just is a slippery slope dude. It just gets,
you know, it,
you go from just like slight where a girl tied up and a guy's maybe like doing
some stuff to her with, uh,
a wand and like fingering her and choking her a little bit.
And then it's,
it's just like seven guys writing pig on a
girl's head and making her own ink and like, and,
and spitting on her, bookmark those, I mean that I have, I have a file.
I have a, I have an email that I sent to myself. It's called porn. And I like,
and I just keep sending myself the next, anytime I come from a video,
I send it to myself so I can go back and I can also see my,
my descendants into depravity for the years.
I can see where I started and where I'm at and how it happened.
It's been going on since 2017 is when I started it. So I have a,
a good backlog of,
but what I like about this is that usually the girl is I don't like to see a
girl in distress. I don't like to, as soon as she, I,
I think that she's not having a good time.
I get out of it because a lot of these girls are having a good time.
They like to be pushed to the limit.
One of my favorite porn actresses.
And I just want to give her a shout out because she does brilliant work as
Kristin Scott,
and one of the best videos it's called school of seduction.
I think that's what it's called. And, um, or no. Oh. What is it called?
It's there's like this academy academy that these girls go to where they learn
to be
and they have to like graduate and there's like five days where they go to the
school and they're tied up and they're just like by a bunch of people.
And they're made to like plank and get at the same time as they're planking.
And it's just like, they're they get, they just, they have to do what you say.
When someone tells you, you have to do something, you have to be like, oh,
I guess I have to do it. It's not my fault that I'm a. And they,
I just like that. That's what I'm into. Okay.